their similarities like dairy tank in
the songwriting yes you know but I take
Dacia I think that roses is a little bit
more experimental because I know Lucic
ProTools and some of the instrumentation
was going like no need to argue it was
just based basically acoustic guitars
electric guitars bass drums vocals but
on this viewer you were using a lot of
words is all different yeah we
introduced a lot of new they just
programming buried around and just like
you know melodic and kind of all
different types of things kind of coming
in and coming out but we were very
mindful not to let that overtake as well
you know it's it's about the song for us
so with this stuff is decorational
you know we don't like a very great
expectations or ambitions or anything I
mean it would be nice if our fans
absolutely embraced the record like we
really are embracing it we really enjoy
it as a group so hopefully our following
our fan base we would really like the
record to because I do think it's one of
the nicer albums that we've done really
since probably no need to argue first
two records this is kind of my favorite
one and roses is my favorite cuz I wrote
it for my father and he passed away just
there last year and so that I wrote it
in the summer and so that is a very
sentimental beautiful song for me and
that's just a kind of awards in a
lifetime experience yeah I I really like
roses as well you know it's I guess the
fact that it's it's very far removed
from stuff we've done before and it's
it's raw and it's bare and it's it's not
like the other stuff it's almost under
produced really you know it's just very
raw yeah it's really that's what's kind
of nice
yeah that's why it stands out I think
compared to you know the other stuff
there
know so there's lots of ants that we
admire actually but you know as as goes
for this whole opening up we do have
some acts actually opening up for us in
Australia don't we yeah is it Wolfmother
or a forest in New Zealand she said all
right
ng heart yeah her she's an acoustic
they're very good everywhere before and
there's a lot of bands out there that
like we admire her then ya know it's
it's good
so like because it's funny over the last
while the odd time bands that I kind of
like that around late there's a band
called passion pit and they did a cover
of dreams at one of their gigs it's on
YouTube it's always nice yeah yeah cuz
you just you never know like what are
other artists are actually into your
music and then if you said that you'd
want to particularly artists to open up
maybe they would not be into that you
know so you just you know to be
diplomatic here kind of better off to
kind of not go there I not inserted the
other bands you don't name as well is
that that's the other thing
so we love everyone yeah I love
everybody
they're just I was differently so don't
know they're different like and you know
I think with the cranberries it's just
that you know it all gets done and
that's you know it's such a machine that
can work so well yeah it's a no-brainer
in like genera and entender where
because this was so fresh and we'd had
so much time off we really did enjoy
this project honestly but it was really
the kind of it was our whole lives for
so long you know and then it got to the
point of we kind of we kind of hated it
because it became our lives and it
became work and we became pressure so
then after having a break and going back
again doing this record the freshness
and the phone was back in it yeah it was
also the element of when I met the lads
in Joplin in 2009 I felt like I was 21
again because then it was a mirror
across the hall and we looked and went
oh great
is there you know yeah that was like
when you're in a band like you forget
when you're on the stage like when we're
played Reims it's not being on we kind
of forget like that you their time has
elapsed what music music doesn't really
change you know it stands the test of
time as you say so when we're playing
those sounds we always feel like we're
we're teenagers again which is nice yeah
miss feely oh yeah I can't get what like
that's one of the problems before and mm
a tree or just before that we put that
pressure on ourselves to always try and
kind of chase that hit you know cuz you
had such a big hit with the lakes is um
being that and you try and kind of redo
that again and you know whereas now we
did this album because we wanted to and
we you know we did it our way and we
recorded it like we you know it's not a
big kind of rocky kind of here's the
lord of hits and kind of obvious you
know it's more like this yeah so people
like it it's great
it's a bonus for us you know I take that
actually an awful lot of it is about
pre-production so preparing things like
for example the freezer is very good
because you can make lots of food and
you can freeze lots of things you know
and I think just doing things in advance
also I couldn't I couldn't live without
my am my charge
you know everybody's like you know I'm
you ever watched the Bernstein bears
no it's true and there's the mommy bear
and she has a chart and everybody has
chores so we are we have TV cherishes
her no we live in chaos in our OD I have
a chart and I wanna and I write down
every single day what's going on what
appointments are at what time on the
chart in the wall and I write down
who watch whores the kids have to do and
they don't have to do chores and then
I'll give the pocket money if they do
their chores and you know because we
have three dogs as well and they aren't
dogs it's just like poopoo and some food
OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP so I make the
you know my older kids look after the
doubts and dad yeah everyone chips in
them because otherwise I'd have to do
everything that Suze I think we're doing
it yeah I think summer
yeah Alec June is Europe so they're
they're kind of finalize the dates yeah
it's not about then but we're definitely
you're coming back here because um I
don't think we've done a lot of gigs in
Germany in years why so there will be
two you know again to come back